Adapt "Introduction to the Performance tool" article to the new sluggish demo (#2814)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/evaluate-performance/index.md

   ![The Summary panel](./index-images/summary-tab.png)

1. Expand the **Main** section.  DevTools shows you a flame chart of activity on the main thread, over time.  The x-axis represents the recording, over time.  Each bar represents an event.  A wider bar means that event took longer.  The y-axis represents the call stack.  When events are stacked on top of each other, it means the upper events caused the lower events.

   ![The Main section](./index-images/main.png)

1. There is a lot of data in the recording.  To zoom into a portion of the recording, click and drag in the **Overview** area toward the top of the **Performance** tool.  The **Overview** area includes the **CPU** and **NET** charts (indicated on the right).  The **Main** section and **Summary** panel only display information for the selected portion of the recording.

   ![Zoom into a section](./index-images/main-zoomed.png)

   Another way to change the selected area is to put focus on the **Main** section, click the background or an event, and then press:
   * `W` to zoom in, `S` to zoom out.
   * `A` to move selection left, `D` to move selection right.

> 1. Click an **Animation Frame Fired** event.  When a red triangle is displayed at the top right of an event, it's a warning that there might be an issue related to the event.
> 
>    The **Animation Frame Fired** event occurs whenever a [requestAnimationFrame() callback](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/window/requestAnimationFrame) is run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click an **Animation Frame Fired** event.

   When a red triangle is displayed at the top right of an event, it's a warning that there might be an issue related to the event.  The **Animation Frame Fired** event occurs whenever a [requestAnimationFrame() callback](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/window/requestAnimationFrame) is run.
```
compact version of pattern:
1. Do X using UI controls.  Y happens:

   Screenshot

verbose version of pattern, used here:

1. Do X using UI controls.

   Y happens.  A couple sentences about Y happening:

   Screenshot

the idea is to separate the user action from the result, when there's substantial explanatory info about the result.

   The **Animation Frame Fired** event occurs whenever a [requestAnimationFrame() callback](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/window/requestAnimationFrame) is run.

> 1. Click the **Animation Frame Fired** event.  The **Summary** panel now shows you information about that event.  Note the **Reveal** link.  After you click it, DevTools highlights the event that initiated the **Animation Frame Fired** event.  Also, focus on the **app.js:125** link.  After you click it, the relevant line in the source code is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Animation Frame Fired** event.  The **Summary** panel now shows you information about that event.

  1. Click the **Reveal** link.  DevTools highlights the event that initiated the **Animation Frame Fired** event.  Also, focus on the **app.js:125** link.  After you click it, the relevant line in the source code is displayed.
```
If we're telling user to definitely do this action, seems a separate numbered step.

> 1. Click the **Animation Frame Fired** event.  The **Summary** panel now shows you information about that event.  Note the **Reveal** link.  After you click it, DevTools highlights the event that initiated the **Animation Frame Fired** event.  Also, focus on the **app.js:125** link.  After you click it, the relevant line in the source code is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
1. Click the **Animation Frame Fired** event.  The **Summary** panel displays information about that event.

   ![More information about the Animation Frame Fired event](./index-images/animation-frame-fired.png)

1. Click the **Reveal** link.  DevTools highlights the event that initiated the **Animation Frame Fired** event.

1. Click the **app.js:125** link.  The relevant line of source code is displayed.
```
If we're telling user to definitely do this action, seems a separate numbered step.  or two.

This change also moves away from a multi-sentence prose paragraph to numbered action steps, more linear and digestible.

Rendered article section:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/evaluate-performance/?branch=pr-en-us-2814#find-the-bottleneck - step 5

>    ![More information about the Animation Frame Fired event](./index-images/animation-frame-fired.png)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
moved png up, in the above comment

>    After clicking an event, use the arrow keys to select the events next to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   After clicking an event, if you want to select an event next to it, you can press the arrow keys.
```

> 1. Use your trackpad or mouse wheel on the **Main** section to zoom in on the **Animation Frame Fired** event and its child events. You can also press `W` to zoom in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Zoom in on the **Animation Frame Fired** event and its child events, by using the mouse wheel or trackpad. Or, press **W**.
```
std order: To accomplish X, do Y action in UI.

   You can now see the events that occur when a single frame of the animation is rendered. The **update** function is called, which, in turn, calls the **updateSlow** function, which triggers many **Recalculate Style** and **Layout** events:
   
   ![The Animation Frame Fired event and its child events](./index-images/animation-frame-children.png)

> 1. Click one of the purple **Layout** events.  DevTools provides more information about the event in the **Summary** panel.  There is a warning about forced reflows (another word for _layout_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click one of the purple **Layout** events.  DevTools provides more information about the event in the **Summary** panel.  There's a warning about forced reflows (another word for _layout_).
```
contraction per style & probably Acrolinx

> <!-- ------------------------------ -->

Reviewer: just above this section https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/evaluate-performance/?branch=pr-en-us-2814#analyze-the-optimized-version
seems an oddly placed paragraph:
"This article gives you a lot to learn. But now you have a solid foundation in the basic workflow for analyzing runtime performance.  Good job."
Please check flow; is this the best place for that paragraph?

```javascript
// Read the current position.
const currentPos = parseFloat(element.style.transform.match(/[0-9.]+/)[0]);
// Read the direction.
const direction = element.dataset.dir;
// Calculate the next position.
let nextPos = direction === 'up' ? currentPos - (SPEED * 100 / canvasHeight) : currentPos + (SPEED * 100 / canvasHeight);

// If the new position is out of bounds, reset it, and switch the direction.
if (nextPos < 0) {
  nextPos = 0;
  element.dataset.dir = 'down';
} else if (nextPos > 100) {
  nextPos = 100;
  element.dataset.dir = 'up';
}

// Set the new position on the element.
element.style.transform = `translateY(${nextPos}vh)`;
```

In the optimized version, we first set the value of the `nextPos` variable by reading `element.style.transform` instead of using `element.offsetTop`.  Using the element's inline style is faster, because reading `element.offsetTop` forces the browser engine to know where all the elements are on the page, which requires the engine to recalculate the styles and the layout.

We then adjust the direction of the icon, but this time we don't read `element.offsetTop` again like done in the unoptimized version.

> Finally, we set the new position of the icon, but this time we use `element.style.transform` instead of `element.style.top`. Using `element.style.transform` is faster because the CSS `transform` property can be applied by the browser rendering engine without having to recalculate the layout of the page. When using the `transform` property, the browser considers each icon as an individual layer, and then displays these layers in the correct positions by re-compositing the final image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we set the new position of the icon, but this time we use `element.style.transform` instead of `element.style.top`. Using `element.style.transform` is faster, because the CSS `transform` property can be applied by the browser rendering engine without having to recalculate the layout of the page. When using the `transform` property, the browser considers each icon as an individual layer, and then displays these layers in the correct positions by re-compositing the final image.
```

> If you have any questions about your results, use the **Send Feedback** icon, press **Alt+Shift+I** (Windows, Linux) or **Option+Shift+I** (macOS), or [file an issue on the MicrosoftEdge / DevTools repo](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/DevTools/issues):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions about your results, use the **Send Feedback** icon (shown below)<!--todo: mid-sentence icon png-->, press **Alt+Shift+I** (Windows, Linux) or **Option+Shift+I** (macOS), or [file an issue on the MicrosoftEdge / DevTools repo](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/DevTools/issues):
```
todo: add mid-sentence icon png

> ![The **Feedback** icon in the Microsoft Edge DevTools](./index-images/feedback-icon.png)

Reviewer: in this rendered section
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/evaluate-performance/?branch=pr-en-us-2814#next-steps
the png was confusing.  Give a lead-in matching the red box that's on the Feedback icon/button.

> ![The **Feedback** icon in the Microsoft Edge DevTools](./index-images/feedback-icon.png)

Reviewer: delete line 
```
![The **Feedback** icon in the Microsoft Edge DevTools](./index-images/feedback-icon.png)
```
b/c moved into Comment https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2814/files#r1313688066

> Include screenshots or links to reproducible pages, if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your feedback, include screenshots or links to reproducible pages, if possible.
```
to imply that this applies to both of the two approaches above
